DOCS-1101: Update to smart machine more broadly (#1863)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/extend/modular-resources/create/_index.md

no_list: true
---

You can extend Viam by creating a custom {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="module" text="module" >}} that provides one or more modular {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="resource" text="resources" >}} ([components](/components/) and [services](/services/)) or {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="model" text="models" >}}, and can be added to any smart machine running on Viam.

A common use case for modular resources is to create a new [model](/extend/modular-resources/key-concepts/#models) that implements an existing Viam [API](/program/apis/).

Once you have created your modular resource, you can use the [Viam CLI](/manage/cli/) to [upload your modular resource](/extend/modular-resources/upload/) to the [Viam registry](https://app.viam.com/registry), to share it with other Viam users or just to other users in your organization.
You can also configure [automatic uploads of new versions of your module](/extend/modular-resources/upload/#update-an-existing-module-using-a-github-action) as part of a continuous integration (CI) workflow, using a GitHub Action.

> You can also add your module to your smart machine as a [local module](/extend/modular-resources/configure/#local-modules), without uploading it to the Viam registry.

Reviewer: I think this should be robot for the reason above; maybe the first two instances in this file are okay to be smart machine though

> You can also add your module to your smart machine as a [local module](/extend/modular-resources/configure/#local-modules), without uploading it to the Viam registry.

Author: ```suggestion
You can also add your module to your robot as a [local module](/extend/modular-resources/configure/#local-modules), without uploading it to the Viam registry.
```

Once you have created your custom resource, you can use the [Viam CLI](/manage/cli/) to [upload your custom resource](/extend/modular-resources/upload/) to the Viam registry, to share it with other Viam users or just to other users in your organization.

> Alternatively, you can [add your module locally](/extend/modular-resources/configure/) to your smart machine without uploading to the Viam registry.

Author: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can [add your module locally](/extend/modular-resources/configure/) to your robot without uploading to the Viam registry.
```
